how does cahuachi late abs qu a tu la te
that's correct who's next yeah the
spelling bee isn't it for kids rule
number 24 the speller must not have
passed beyond the eighth grade on or
before februari first you can see there
I have not passed the eighth grade not
ever hi I'm Jay tiny Chopra what's her
name Bennett around what was your
winning word it was autofellatio I've
never heard of that word you don't point
that curry hole that way and sit your
[ __ ] ass down that seat didn't tell
the captain that your bags ticking
welcome everyone to the national
spelling bee hey Slumdog what are you
doing up on the stage weirdo your chair
called me for help like help me it's so
heavy why at the age of 40 have you
decided to annoy educators parents and
children by forcing your way into a kid
smelling bacon I you gonna journalistic
advice I know you're not suggesting that
I let you [ __ ] me again first of all
you're welcome oh look who's here I was
wondering if you wanted to study
together let's go for it all right if
you don't have any friends I'll bet
you're correct ask those we make up for
it with the women nope when I do go on
it's going to be throwing nipples they
all have nipples tell no they don't they
do it kill it
I'm not that good thinking things
through
and that's why this plan was so shitty
losers lose mr. trilby oh you don't know
mean you don't know why I'm here
you're an [ __ ] that's a child yes so
why don't you take your potty mouth go
locate your preteen [ __ ] son and
stuffing back up that old blown-out
sweat sock of a vagina and scoot off to
whatever shit-kicking town you came from
want a good ice cream now [ __ ] ice
cream how much to catch up let's go ask
her marzipan